this is something they will not have at
the Olympics vaping because China last
week and now India yesterday put the
kibosh on e-cigarettes they are now
illegal in those countries after causing
a wave of health problems and even
deaths around the world and we are
cracking down on vapes here in the
United States - in fact the state of New
York yesterday issued an emergency ban
on flavor to e-cigarettes and here in
California
our governor Gavin Newsom announced a 20
million dollar ad campaign to educate
people about the dangers of vaping
here's an idea just tell people in
California that vape pens have gluten in
them we'll stop using them all together
the 20 million dollars is a lot and I
would like to get some of that money and
about a year ago I tried to help stop
kids from vaping by creating a character
that was specifically designed to make
vaping look corny not cool his name was
vape dad he was a dad who would vape and
I guess it didn't work because vaping is
still a big thing but we went back to
the drawing board and we gave vape dad a
new look and here now to teach kids that
e-cigarettes are not cool please welcome
the new and improved vape dad 2.0 come
on out
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a guy well hello big bad bait
dad bait that
oh sorry fam yeah couldn't hear you over
my Jam's head the new Billy Eilish slaps
oh okay all right
obviously the news about the dangers of
vaping is that's not something that
bothers you worried about what looking
awesome do I always tell my bros at my
field hockey team no just because you
don't have a lighter
don't mean vaping isn't fire people are
getting very sick from Vicky maybe this
doesn't have you at all concerned ain't
no thang bootay you know nothing's gonna
stop vape dad from getting his steam on
isn't that right babe mom what's what's
his vape mom dad yeah she's dead oh no
she was just pumping gas puffing on her
favorite flames
cotton candy cyclone uh-huh and then the
whole place exploded in a ball of fire
oh my god I'm so sorry thanks cuz
anyways ladies just wanna break up a
piece of the vape babe find me in the
alley after the show I'll be the dude
that smells like a burning clown
[Music]
[Applause]
well let's see what happened now that
see the kids would see that and then
they will never be forget it
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape